[MUSIC]
We are now going to practice the HLookup,
the Horizontal Lookup.
As mentioned in the introduction there
are two types of lookup functions.
The HLookup or Horizontal Lookup and
the VLookup for
Vertical Lookup, which
we already practiced.
If you look at the data table associated
with this exercise, you will notice that
the headers are running along the top and
then the reference data is located below.
The information we are trying to
look up this time is weight and
shoe size associated with
the patient information.
This is a perfect use case for
a horizontal look up as we want to look
up the information in the second row,
which is were the distributor
ID is located.
In C70, I'm going to type =(HLOOKUP
open parenthese
The reference value wait from B70.
I will hit comma and
select the table array,
which is found in cells B66 to G67,
we're going to lock the table array, so
we can copy and paste the formula later.
The data we want to look up is on
the second row, so I'll enter a 2.
Once again, this is not an approximate
match so we will type false,
we end up with an answer
of 125 pounds as expected.
We can now copy the formula down to
get the value for shoe size as well.
Please now practice on
your own using problem 2b.
Notice that the information for Malawi and
Malaysia are on different rows.
So we may need to adjust our formula
when copying and pasting it.
[MUSIC]